for nothing that is just one thing and that is enforcement in the korfball league
profit on whether even the groningers help go a long way in the
opponent, the points are needed even harder
that is why we make strange jumps this is being protected and being and having to be good
viewers come up with playful win emmen
we had to be saved
in the first half is not really not to find a team player this seems there
little to decide the importance of the competition
the easiest scoring opportunities are missed
or oz also does not play well, but is going to rest by 11 8 lead
thanks to these hits that we now easily scoring stijn of the fight
then you already know that there will be a lot of talk in the dressing room at nec
not so much said but this is silent
have a lot of difference
Yes you need to turn your sales with a trainer to someone else who is Jewish
by your point nl
apply by all and
after
has worked
it certainly works in the second half both brands which he explains the backlog
to eleven 10
not show fight we missed in the first half
the shot of ricky goal
Admittedly it does not touch with the new outfit for those for everyone
finds linda blue
she is not beside striking 12 12
the best player on the side of nic 6 the groningers after that for the first time
lead the norn jornt from the corner
this is 13 12 and that will suddenly start running at nec
the judgment it tactically especially
secure it well
the ntr the second half we could do better to play the two of us just when
finally come
also barely seen for more in the first half, he increased the lead
number three points 17 14
Geneva also dropped the distance shots at the kibu
unlocked by linda blue
it is 18 14
the match is normally in the business now
who can freely play the shots of the good
also at marije hulshof
this is one from three hits
it is 20 16
but he does not give waste fit in time for the last chance
the combination between Huibers and Martijn Roos who shoots last 22 20
suddenly the tension in the race is back
certainly if the fight brings back the difference also a 22 21
but I cycle days see it can still go wrong on the four international matches
sooner to get his team focused again
this reports
because thanks to this penalty throw from loek winter league with 23 21
in terms of streams and ponds we have done today because there is always an app
for the laity to fall with a reason
we found that there were only two months in the big defeat
to go
And the last two tickets against the press had though that is seeing the goals though
joy and nick of enforcement it is not as good as certain